







Blunder | A blunder of interesting facts



















	
	
	
	
	
		
			A blunder of interesting facts
		
		
			
		
		
			

				
								
					About
				
				
				
				
			
		
	


	
	
		

			
			
			



	
	
	
	
	
		
		
			Stephen King
		

		
		November 27, 2019 - Reading time: ~1 minute

		
		Stephen Edwin King (born September 21, 1947) is an American author of horror, supernatural fiction, suspense, and fantasy novels. His books have sold more than 350 million copies, many of which have been adapted into feature films, miniseries, television series, and comic books. King has published 61 novels (including seven under the pen name Richard Bachman) and six non-fiction books.He has written approximately 200 short stories,most of which have been published in book collections.
King has received Bram Stoker Awards, World Fantasy Awards, and British Fantasy Society Awards. In 2003, the National Book Foundation awarded him the Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters. He has created probably the best fictional character RolandDeschain in The Dark tower series. He has also received awards for his contribution to literature for his entire oeuvre, such as the World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement (2004) and the Grand Master Award from the Mystery Writers of America (2007). In 2015, King was awarded with a National Medal of Arts from the United States National Endowment for the Arts for his contributions to literature. He has been described as the "King of Horror".
		
		
	

	
	





	
	
	
	
	
		
		
			Stadia
		

		
		November 27, 2019 - Reading time: ~1 minute

		
		Google Stadia is a cloud gaming service operated by Google. It is said to be capable of streaming video games up to 4K resolution at 60 frames per second with support for high-dynamic-range, to players via the company's numerous data centers across the globe, provided they are using a sufficiently high-speed Internet connection. It is accessible through the Google Chrome web browser on desktop computers, or through smartphones, tablets, smart televisions, digital media players, and Chromecast.
The service is integrated with YouTube, and its "state share" feature allows viewers of a Stadia stream to launch a game on the service on the same save state as the streamer. This has been used as a selling point for the service. It is compatible with HID class USB controllers, though a proprietary controller manufactured by Google with a direct Wi-Fi link to data centers is available alongside the service. Stadia is not similar to Netflix, in that it requires users to purchase games to stream via Stadia rather than pay for access to a library of games. While the base service will be free, a Pro tier monthly subscription allows users to stream at higher rates for larger resolutions, and the offer to add free games to their library.
		
		
	

	
	





	
	
	
	
	
		
		
			USB
		

		
		November 27, 2019 - Reading time: ~1 minute

		
		Short for universal serial bus, USB (pronounced yoo-es-bee) is a plug and play interface that allows a computer to communicate with peripheral and other devices. USB-connected devices cover a broad range; anything from keyboards and mice, to music players and flash drives. For more information on these devices, see our USB devices section.
USB may also be used to send power to certain devices, such as smartphones and tablets, as well as charge their batteries. The first commercial release of the Universal Serial Bus (version 1.0) was in January 1996. This industry standard was then quickly adopted by Intel, Compaq, Microsoft, and other companies.


		
		
	

	
	




			

			
			
			AboutI created this site to dump my fact files, nothing more.......?			

		
	

	
	
	
		Copyright © 2019Powered byEgotisticalSW
	


	
	


	
	


